see it's off the great to word pops out
miss Delmas out
I think I changed my battery pack right
now
rent a wall
4:33
why to the tunnel
listen well
how much I got at that one
here he goes again
so everywhere
oh there
Timberline
the sames 1800 feet
yeah 1816 is built in 1903 by the cold
iron railway Western Maryland took over
years later
the original builders put this line
again that later
this is built with : Ireland Falcon is
at Durban this built 19 3 there was
around few years later took Nicole and
iron over along the West Virginia
central Pittsburgh what the come
very narrow space on the curves those 85
foot cars only clear-cut few inches
curves
main Arbor Michigan Timberline
on a compound curve
the surveyors busy
signals should as a detective in yeah
let's upgrade to or out west cause the
tunnels have their crest metal
so it drains both ways
during going three leaving
how to start down great for about three
miles of the shavers for bid sheet river
anyway is this down here 3333 so aroma
comes off 33
very abusive Bemis looking for peace
let's play soccer at Soldier drop yeah
you're right that's a good picture
location
pop the helmick's izzle